Hey friends,
I'm Xenia,
and I'm not sure how you found yourself here.
Maybe a friend invited you,
maybe you heard about Alpha online.
However it happened,
I'm so glad that you're here.
Now, if you don't know what to expect,
don't worry about that.
I'll be your host...
well, I'll be one of your hosts.
There are a few of us from
all over the world.
You ready?
- Hey!
We’re off.
– Ready.
Every day, from the moment we wake up,
we have tons of questions
to figure out and decisions to make.
Isn’t that right, Micah?
- Yeah, 100 per cent.
Like, what’s the playlist for today?
What am I gonna wear?
And, what am I gonna do with my hair?
It's crazy to think, but by lunch,
we've already made hundreds of decisions.
Here you go, man.
- Thanks buddy.
Dude, check out these snacks.
What should we eat?
But there are also deeper questions like:
Who am I?
What am I even meant to do in this life?
And, what can I do to change the world?
And then there are those questions,
the ones that keep you up at night.
Questions about relationships,
about belonging.
Maybe even about faith
and if God exists.
- Yeah.
And, then there’s the big question:
What’s the meaning of life?
These are just some of the things that
we don’t often talk about
but are always in the back of our minds.
And that's what Alpha is for.
Yeah.
[Excited chatter]
You might be thinking,
“Wait, what is Alpha?”
Okay, let's break it down.
Over the next few weeks,
we’re gonna get together
to listen, ask questions,
and explore what truly matters.
This is the space to spark conversations,
process together, and
figure out what life is all about.
Yeah, that's right.
In each episode,
we'll hear from people
of different backgrounds and ages.
We will explore or unpack a different topic,
and then you will have a chance
to go a little deeper
and talk about it with the people around you.
A few times in each episode,
we're gonna prompt some questions
and hear some answers from around the world.
And then it’s over to you and your group.
And, if you like,
you can share what you think,
but no pressure.
We’ll be sharing insights from a
Christian point of view.
Yeah I know, just mentioning the word
‘Christian’ may get some of you thinking,
“Am I gonna be the only
one here who doesn’t believe
in any of this stuff, or who has doubts?”
If that's you,
hey, that’s okay.
Alpha is for you.
There's no expectation for you to agree with
anything or everything that’s talked about.
This is about exploring together.
So, what's on your mind?
Why do bad things happen to good people?
Is God really everywhere?
Will I be able to achieve all of my dreams?
How is social media affecting the
mental health of this generation?
How can I study harder
but also balance it with my home life?
Why is there war?
What is the plan for my life?
How can I influence my surroundings?
Why am I going through
mental health problems?
Is it normal to doubt myself but trust God?
How do I maintain real connection
in this virtual world?
Of all the questions we have in our heads,
here’s one:
What makes you happy?
Hi.
I’m Jesse, and I’m going
around the world asking people
some of the life's biggest questions.
What makes you happy?
Ugh...
Um...
What makes me happy?
Probably just hanging out with friends.
Dancing.
Acting.
I like to sing.
Figure skating.
Drawing.
I love drawing.
What makes you happy?
Track.
I think playing volleyball.
Basketball.
God.
My family and friends.
Nice cars.
Shopping. Money.
Dogs and cats.
Uh... travelling.
Creating music.
Playing piano, guitar,
all sorts of instruments.
I love music, And I love my AirPods.
Sleeping.
Sleeping?
Yes.
Baby Yoda makes me happy.
Parents’ love.
Reading a really good book.
Eating good food.
What makes you happy?
Pizza.
Just laughter in general makes me happy.
Making other people happy.
Probably just living my best life.
Do whatever I want, you know?
I'm happy when I'm with friends.
Everything with friends is better.
If I get a hug from anyone, I feel happy.
Look at your piece, massive.
[What makes you happy?]
You know that amazing feeling you get,
when you pull off something incredible?
Well that happens to us,
all the time.
[Cheering]
We call ourselves
How Ridiculous
because we just do the craziest things
we can think of.
People seem to love it.
This is ten glass windows.
Giant, spiky, mace ball of death.
Oh my goodness.
It all started more than 14 years ago.
We were just a group of childhood mates
with basketballs,
trying to see who could make the best shot.
And from there, we just kept doing bigger
and better things.
We first discovered
How Ridiculous on YouTube.
Get in!
[Cheering]
And soon found ourselves
travelling the world,
in the most amazing locations doing stuff
we could have never dreamed of.
We got a catching competition
from a 165-metre dam.
Go Rexy!
Get to space!
It’s one small step for man.
Ten million subscribers!
How good!
That happiness didn't last long.
One thing we quickly realised
is that you can't do the same trick twice.
You always got to find the next big thing.
There's that GoPro also
at the top.
But the problem with that,
it’s that, you know,
when things were going badly
when the views were lower than I’d hoped
or we expected.
I’d get really down.
I’d feel depressed,
which really–
it’s not a fun place to be.
When I'm in the valley moments,
what I'm thinking is like,
I... I really need to put my hope
in something better than this.
There's gotta be something else.
There’s gotta be something more.
Some people think money, fame,
and relationships would
solve a lot of their problems.
A lot of the times,
we chase after these things
only to discover that they aren't the answer.
Reality TV star Kylie Jenner
has shared in the past
that growing up in the limelight
has caused her to lose herself at times
and experience terrible anxiety.
In one interview she said,
“I wake up every morning
with the worst anxiety.
I don’t know why.”
For me, I thought it was education.
Going to university was my big dream.
And everyone said that
it’s the best time of your life,
and it's where you find yourself, and
you can do whatever you want.
But... when I got there,
the reality didn't live up to the dream.
I was worried about doing the wrong thing
and making mistakes.
And the pressure of it all got to me,
and it was overwhelming.
It didn’t make me as
happy as I thought it would.
So how do we find true happiness?
Everybody wants to be happy,
including me.
But I'd say it's not everything.
I've heard it said that
it’s like we got this
happiness bucket in our heart,
and we’re all constantly trying
to fill it with different things.
I know, for me,
I tried to fill it with chasing status,
relationships,
trying to get respect and
approval off my mates.
But even when I got some of those things,
I was still left feeling empty.
I ended up going from unhealthy relationship
to unhealthy relationship.
I bought things I didn’t need
just to impress people,
to fit in and belong.
I was just left wondering like, surely...
surely there must be more to life than this.
And I wonder if you've ever felt the same?
And no matter how hard you try,
nothing seems to satisfy that longing
that’s in each and every one of us
to be truly happy.
Jesus, who’s the central figure
of the Christian faith,
spoke to this longing that we feel.
He says, “I am the bread of life.
Anyone who comes to me will never be hungry.
Anyone who believes in me
will never be thirsty.”
Now if you’re hearing that
for the first time,
it might sound a little bit strange.
But Jesus isn’t talking about
a physical hunger
that can be fixed with some food,
or a thirst that can be
fixed with some drink.
He’s talking about another type of hunger,
another type of thirst.
He's talking about a longing
for meaning, purpose, and love.
And what Jesus is saying is that
he is the one that satisfies that longing,
that hunger that's in every human heart.
Now if what Jesus is saying is true,
then it matters.
It matters to us all.
I know it matters to me.
My teenage years were messed up.
But it was my encounter with Jesus
that changed everything.
Doesn't mean my life became perfect,
but I found that in my imperfection
and my brokenness,
I encountered a peace
and a hope for my future.
Maybe you’re sitting there saying,
“Well just... just hold on a minute. Like,
who is Jesus
and why are we even talking about him?
How do you know what he said is true
or even relevant?”
Well that’s what we’re gonna be
looking at together,
on Alpha.
I've always loved setting myself
big, ambitious challenges.
There’s no feeling like winning.
One of our greatest ever moments was
when we made a world record
basketball shot from 200 metres up.
Yes! Yeah!
It went in! It went in!
Yeah! Thank God! Yes!
Honestly, that was like
the biggest moment of pure joy I've ever had.
It fills you with a sense of satisfaction.
It fills you with a sense
of an adrenaline hit.
So you’ve worked out a Barina
can bounce on a trampoline,
the world's strongest trampoline.
What's... what's next?
After these records,
they always ask, “So what’s next?”
It just makes me realise that impressing
people is a never-ending pursuit.
Nothing's ever gonna be enough.
I think at the absolute heart of the matter
is almost like an issue of hope.
Like, what am I putting my hope in?
If my hope is in
views, and fame, and popularity,
at some point
that's gonna let me down.
And the reality for me,
my hope has to be in Jesus.
He fulfils what the world cannot.
He loves me unconditionally.
When I don't perform,
when things don't go well,
I'm not abandoned,
I'm not rejected.
Ultimately, it helps me
have more joy, more happiness,
but in a truer way.
One of the things we love to do
that helps keep us grounded
is come together and pray.
Thank you Lord for an amazing day.
Wow... How Ridiculous is such a blessing.
Sort of helps remind us that
what happens on the shoot is
not the only thing happening on the earth.
Go! Right there!
So if a video doesn't perform well,
we ultimately all know that
this isn’t the be-all and end-all.
If you had 24 hours
to do anything you wanted,
what would you do?
Um... I think I'd probably spend
the majority of it trying
to figure out what to do.
I’d just go on a long drive.
Drive a... a Ferrari 250 GTO.
Go to Disneyland.
I would go to a trampoline park.
I’d go to the moon.
Literally be in bed all day
and watch Netflix.
I would like to visit other... other cities.
Probably go straight to Indonesia
and go surfing for the whole day.
Go to Brazil
and spend the entire day at the beach.
Book a ticket to the Andes.
Spontaneous road trip with my friends.
I'd go skydiving.
Bungee jumping or, like,
something I have never done before.
Three. Two. One.
Go. Oh!
Aargh... it’s so cold.
If you had 24 hours to do
anything you wanted,
what would you do?
I would eat any food that I can eat.
Probably 24 hours of eating KFC,
I can’t even lie.
Eat a lot of beef.
Because I love... I love beef.
Adopt all the cats that I can.
I'll get my nails done.
I’d buy five skateboards.
Specifically five
because I already have five,
so then I’ll have ten.
I’d probably go to, like, a mansion;
bring all my friends,
have a house party.
I would gather all my friends
and we’d hang out.
[If you had 24 hours to do anything you wanted, what would you do?]
If I had 24 hours,
I would go to my favourite band’s concert.
Of course.
– Mmm. Okay.
A little band geek type action?
Yeah, maybe.
But what about you guys?
Ooh... I mean, I’d jump out of a plane.
What?
Why?
Oh, with a parachute.
[Laughter]
Okay, I would spend the whole day
reading at the beach.
I would love to be hiking up a mountain
with my dog,
with like George’s little bandana.
Honestly, I would just watch movies all day.
I would just love movies all day.
- Alright.
Guys, these are all really good.
But let me ask you this question:
Do you think there’s a difference between
being happy and living a full life?
Ooh... that's a good one.
I think so, Xen.
Like, I’d say that happiness is temporary.
Like one minute this thing makes you happy,
and the next minute
it’s just something else entirely.
Yeah... and there’s nothing
wrong with having fun.
But there’s gotta be way
more to life than just that. Right?
Yeah.
- Totally.
Yeah, it has to be more than yourself.
Something with purpose, like helping others.
Yeah, It's like
when I get to do something
that impacts the people around me.
Yeah, for the community.
Okay, so then how does
faith in God connect to this idea
of living a full life?
You're cooking...
you’re cooking with the questions.
There are nine million people
in New York City,
and I'm just one of them.
So good.
Oh my gosh.
Guys, look at this cookie.
I'm just your average teenage girl.
Being a teenager in New York City,
it’s like you have to dress the part,
look the part,
act the part.
You know all the characters
with all the different clothing,
seeing that made me feel Iike, okay,
I have to be that
because that's what New York is about,
and what I have to do
to be a New Yorker.
I would do whatever
everybody else wanted me to
even if I didn't want to do it,
just because I didn't want to make them
feel uncomfortable.
At the time,
I thought I was happy,
but what was wrong with
people-pleasing was that
I was constantly putting myself down.
Um... for others...
just so that they would be happy.
It felt like being an imposter.
It wasn't my world,
I was just living in it.
One day I was just going through TikTok,
“God always loves you.
And he also always likes you.”
The video talked about Jesus’ love
and how he cares for you, and how
his home is your home
and he wants you to be in that home.
I felt a little tingly in my heart
and it feels like a super, overpowering
love.
That little feeling of love,
it changed my life forever.
I felt loved,
secure,
all those things.
But the main thing was the people-pleasing,
completely stopped.
I think that, now,
the way that I connect
with people is so pure.
It comes from a place of love.
Ice skating!
- Here we go!
I'm able to build
honest, truthful relationships
where I’m able to
actually put myself out there
and be accepted
and loved, still being myself.
I'm still very ordinary.
I still love going out to eat.
I love going shopping.
I love doing my picnics in the park.
But internally, I’m completely changed.
There are nine million people
in New York City,
but God only made one Perla.
If God exists,
what would you ask?
– Mmm
Umm...
I don't know why this is so hard.
What's out there in space?
Why he made mosquitoes?
Dinosaurs really still confuse me,
so I think I'd ask him about that.
Why does my team always lose?
Why did you leave us?
Why aren't you here yet?
What you been up to?
What you doing?
What is the point of all of this?
Like we're just here, we're working.
You just work, work, work ,work, work...
What's next?
I really don't know, honestly.
Maybe how much he loves me?
Not really sure.
I haven't really done much.
I don't feel like I could ask for anything.
If God exists, what would you ask?
His thought process in creating the world.
Because it’s like really beautiful.
Why are people hungry
when there’s so much food?
There’s so much abundance
but so much lack.
What was the purpose of creating me?
Why does evil exist?
Is there life after death?
Is it peaceful?
Would I be happy or
would I just be like, ‘poof’?
What happens to those of different faiths
after we die?
Does heaven exist then,
and how do I get there?
What is my purpose?
I’d ask if I’m on the right track
and, if not,
how I can continue to be on the right path?
[If God exists, what would you ask?]
Jesus said,
“I have come so that you may have life,
and life to the full.”
The kind of life that Jesus is describing
is a life full of love,
joy, peace and purpose.
It’s a life free from trying to
fill a leaking bucket,
with 'enough' to finally feel fulfilled.
Jesus says,
“I am the way, the truth, and the life.”
What Jesus is saying is that, “I am the way
to a loving and lasting
relationship with God.”
A relationship that fills
the emptiness within all of us.
When he says, “I am the truth”,
it’s more than just head-knowledge,
but it's knowing the truth in your heart
that you are loved
and accepted by God.
And with him, you can live life to the full.
A life of meaning,
a life of purpose,
and a life worth living.
Over the next few weeks,
we’re gonna explore
how Jesus has made this possible
for you and for me.
That doesn’t mean
everything’s gonna be perfect;
things still go wrong.
But, because of Jesus,
we have a hope and a purpose,
even when we face challenges.
And it means we don't have to do it alone.
And on Alpha, we're going to be on a journey
to explore all of this together.
So wherever you're coming from, feel free
to bring your real thoughts
and questions to the table.
Alpha is a space where you can say
what you think and how you feel.
This is your space.
So welcome... to the conversation.